c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\obj\x86\Debug\ZeldaTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\1Pixel.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnemySprites\BladeTrap.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Chest.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\ChestOpen.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Door.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\DungeonTile.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\FloorTile.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Key.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Pizza.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Rock.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Room1Floor.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Room2Floor.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Room3Floor.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Room4Floor.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\Room5Floor.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\StairsDown.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\StairsUp.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\StairTile.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\TopOfWall.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\TorchBlock1.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\TorchBlock2.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\WallFace1.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\WallInCorner.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\EnvironmentSprites\WallOutCorner.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkBack.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkBackAlt.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkDead.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkFront.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkFrontRight.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkGet.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkSide.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LinkSprites\LinkSideAlt.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\Credit1.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\Credit2.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\Credit3.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\EmptyHeart.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\FullHeart.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\HalfHeart.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\UISprites\LinkUI.xnb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\ZeldaTest.exe
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\ZeldaTest.pdb
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\obj\x86\Debug\ZeldaTest.exe
c:\users\zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\obj\x86\Debug\ZeldaTest.pdb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Credits.wma
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Credits.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Chest_Open.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Fanfare_Item_Extended.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Get_Item2.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Link_Hurt.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Stairs.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_Sword_Tap.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Level2.wma
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\Level2.xnb
C:\Users\Zac\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\ZeldaTest\ZeldaTest\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Audio\LA_BladeTrap.xnb
